{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ---\
  MELT ATLANTA \'97 COMPLETE BRAND IDENTITY SYSTEM\
\
  Creative Direction by Pentagram\
\
  With Shadow Advisory Board Amendments\
\
  ---\
  "There are no great ideas without great execution."\
  \'97 The founding thesis. The brand truth. The only line that matters.\
\
  ---\
  CREATIVE DIRECTOR'S PREFACE\
\
  MELT is not an agency. MELT is a proof of concept.\
\
  When we took this brief, we started where we always start: with what is actually true. Not what\
  the founder wants to believe. Not what the website says. What the evidence proves.\
\
  The evidence is remarkable. Twenty-six years of showing up. Nineteen consecutive NCAA Final\
  Fours. A 22-year Coca-Cola partnership \'97 the kind of tenure that doesn't happen through good\
  pitches, it happens through good execution. A 7-person team that has outproduced agencies ten\
  times its size.\
\
  The strategy writes itself: MELT is the agency that actually builds things.\
\
  In a category flooding with AI-generated decks and junior strategists who've never managed a\
  single brand ambassador, MELT is staffed by operators. People who have been on-site at 3am\
  negotiating venue contracts. People who have managed 200 staff across 8 cities simultaneously.\
  People who have done it ten thousand times.\
\
  Our creative challenge was not to invent a brand. Our challenge was to reveal one that already\
  existed \'97 and make it impossible to ignore.\
\
  The brand is the work. The work is the proof. The proof is the brand.\
\
  \'97 Creative Director, Pentagram\
\
  ---\
  SHADOW BOARD VERDICT: 6.8/10 \'97 Conditional Yes\
  Foundation is sound. Five structural risks must be addressed before this brand is fully hardened.\
   Each is called out inline below with a [BOARD] flag.\
\
  ---\
  PART ONE: BRAND STRATEGY\
\
  1.1 BRAND STORY\
\
  THE CHALLENGE \'97 Ideas are worthless without delivery\
\
  Every great event starts in a conference room. A brief. A deck. A vision. And then reality\
  arrives \'97 permits in 14 cities, union rules, 200 brand ambassadors who need training by Thursday,\
   a sponsor who just changed the program brief with 11 days to go, a venue that lost power.\
\
  Most agencies disappear at this point. They deliver the deck and invoice for strategy.\
\
  This is where MELT begins.\
\
  THE TRANSFORMATION \'97 An industry rebuilt around execution\
\
  In 2000, Vince Thompson founded MELT on a conviction that bordered on radical: in experiential\
  marketing, execution is the only thing that matters. Not the idea. Not the deck. The moment the\
  brand touches the consumer \'97 that is the product.\
\
  He built MELT differently. Not a team of strategists who hand off to producers. A team of\
  operators \'97 senior-level, production-experienced people who personally manage every activation\
  from concept to close.\
\
  Over 26 years, this philosophy compounded. Nineteen Final Fours. A 22-year Coca-Cola partnership.\
   Campaigns with 2,563% ROI and 3,672% influencer returns. A $300M arena deal closed in 90 days.\
\
  The thesis held.\
\
  THE RESOLUTION \'97 Execution has always been the moat\
\
  We are living through the most significant disruption in marketing history. AI can generate a\
  campaign brief in 30 seconds. It can produce a strategy deck, a creative concept, a social\
  calendar in minutes. Ideas, once scarce, are now infinite.\
\
  Execution has never been more valuable.\
\
  You cannot prompt-engineer 200 trained brand ambassadors across 8 cities. You cannot generate a\
  permit from Atlanta's special events office. You cannot automate the logistics of a custom\
  Airstream build in a parking lot at 6am.\
\
  MELT has built the one thing in marketing that cannot be commoditized: the institutional\
  expertise, the relationships, the scar tissue, and the operational infrastructure to actually\
  deliver world-class brand experiences at scale.\
\
  [BOARD \'97 Thiel + Skeptical VC]: The original line "AI can dream it. We deliver it." has been\
  retired from the brand story. It is temporally brittle \'97 in 36 months, AI may plausibly claim to\
  handle portions of event logistics, turning a brand asset into a liability. The resolution above\
  is reframed around a timeless truth: execution has always been the moat, independent of AI's\
  current capabilities. The AI line may still appear contextually (e.g., in a specific Insights\
  article) but is no longer load-bearing brand copy.\
\
  Suggested replacement tagline options:\
  - "The brief is never the hard part. The build is."\
  - "Strategy is a commodity. Operators are not."\
  - "Every great idea ends at the loading dock. That's where we begin."\
\
  ---\
  1.2 BRAND PERSONALITY \'97 ARCHETYPE SYSTEM\
\
  Primary Archetype: The Ruler \'97 "Power comes from competence, not title."\
\
  The Ruler is marked by mastery. By quiet confidence born of 10,000 activations. The Ruler doesn't\
   pitch \'97 they prove. They don't promise results \'97 they show you the receipt.\
\
  Evidence: specific ROI figures (not ranges), named client tenures (22 years, not "long-term"),\
  exact event counts (19 Final Fours, not "many").\
\
  Secondary Archetype: The Hero \'97 "Where there's a will, there's a way \'97 and we've done this 10,000\
   times."\
\
  The Hero is the one who shows up when others don't. MELT's "3am venue negotiation" story is the\
  Hero in action \'97 hard conditions, MELT is there.\
\
  [BOARD \'97 Naval + YC]: The Ruler/Hero weighting needs to shift by channel.\
  The Ruler archetype is ideal for retention and existing client communication \'97 it radiates\
  authority from a position of established trust. For new business acquisition, the Ruler can read\
  as inaccessible or arrogant (the Ruler doesn't "pitch"). The Hero archetype should lead in\
  outbound prospecting, case study headlines, and cold outreach \'97 "I will show up and fight for\
  you" is a more effective acquisition message than "we have earned authority." Practically: use\
  Ruler language on the About page and in proposals to existing clients; use Hero language in the\
  Scoper tool and any cold-contact channels.\
\
  Shadow Archetype to Avoid: The Jester\
  MELT is not playful. Avoid irony, excessive informality, and self-deprecating humor. Warmth is\
  appropriate; whimsy is not.\
\
  Human Traits Profile\
  - Self-assured \'97 never defensive, never overselling\
  - Direct \'97 says exactly what they mean, no filler\
  - Battle-tested \'97 the easy confidence of someone who has genuinely done the hard thing\
  - Specific \'97 always concrete, always numerical, always named\
  - Action-oriented \'97 the next sentence is always "so here's what we do"\
\
  ---\
  1.3 VOICE AND TONE MATRIX\
\
  Dimension: Serious \uc0\u8592 \u8594  Funny\
  MELT Position: 85% Serious\
  Rationale: Results are serious. Trust is earned through gravity.\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Dimension: Formal \uc0\u8592 \u8594  Casual\
  MELT Position: 40% Formal\
  Rationale: Senior peer-to-peer conversation. Not stiff, never sloppy.\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Dimension: Reverent \uc0\u8592 \u8594  Irreverent\
  MELT Position: 60% Irreverent\
  Rationale: MELT challenges the agency status quo. They call out "deck-deliverers."\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Dimension: Enthusiastic \uc0\u8592 \u8594  Matter-of-fact\
  MELT Position: 30% Enthusiastic\
  Rationale: MELT's confidence shows in what they don't over-explain.\
\
  Context: Outreach / Sales\
  Tone: Diagnostic, not promotional\
  Example: "Your agency gave you a great deck. Now what?"\
  Avoid: "We're excited to work with you!"\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Context: Case Studies\
  Tone: Matter-of-fact, clinical\
  Example: "3,672% influencer ROI. +21.7% dollar sales. 0 incidents on-site."\
  Avoid: Emotional language \'97 let numbers carry the weight\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Context: About / Founder\
  Tone: Direct, declarative\
  Example: "We built this company on one idea: execution is the only thing that matters."\
  Avoid: "We believe in\'85" \'97 too soft\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Context: Insights\
  Tone: Authoritative, contrarian\
  Example: "Why your experiential ROI is wrong (and how to fix it)"\
  Avoid: Listicles, buzzwords\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Context: Email\
  Tone: Brief, next-step oriented\
  Example: "Three things worth your 20 minutes. Call this week?"\
  Avoid: Long preambles\
\
  ---\
  1.4 MESSAGING HIERARCHY\
\
  Tagline\
\
  "There are no great ideas without great execution."\
\
  Rationale: Not aspirational \'97 empirical. It reframes what "best" means. Lands with the conviction\
   of a fact, not the desperation of a pitch.\
\
  Value Proposition\
\
  MELT is the execution partner for brands who have ideas \'97 and need them built.\
  26 years. 10,000+ activations. Senior operators who have personally delivered the work.\
\
  [BOARD \'97 YC + Skeptical VC]: The "7 operators" headcount has been removed from the value\
  proposition. Stating headcount at the top of the pitch triggers enterprise procurement risk flags\
   before the quality argument is heard. Replace the headcount with the experience the client has:\
  "Senior operators who have personally delivered the work." The 7-person fact can appear\
  contextually in the About page and FAQ \'97 where it is explained and framed \'97 but should not lead.\
\
  Key Messages\
\
  1. Access, not layers.\
  "When you hire MELT, you work with the people who will actually build your activation. The\
  operator who runs the brief is the operator on-site. No hand-offs."\
\
  2. Speed and scale are not competing values.\
  "From concept to $300M arena contract in 90 days. Multi-city tours in weeks, not months. We have\
  done this 10,000 times."\
\
  3. Execution is the ROI driver.\
  "The brief is never the hard part. The build is. MELT delivers the experience that generates\
  2,563% ROI \'97 and proves it with data."\
\
  Proof Points (The receipts)\
\
  - 22-year Coca-Cola partnership (one of the longest in independent agency history)\
  - 19 consecutive NCAA Final Fours\
  - Comfort Colors: 2,563% ROI\
  - Dogsters: 3,672% influencer ROI\
  - Ghirardelli: 93.1% brand consideration lift\
  - City of Mobile: $300M arena, 90 days concept-to-contract\
  - Bath & Body Works: 16 cities, 8 weeks, 560% ROI\
\
  Conversation Starters\
\
  Buyer State: Overwhelmed marketing director\
  Hook: "You've got 50 AI-generated campaign ideas. Who's building them?"\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Buyer State: Frustrated brand manager\
  Hook: "Your agency gave you a great deck. Now what?"\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Buyer State: VP who needs proof\
  Hook: "We've produced this event 19 times. Here's what year 20 looks like."\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Buyer State: New to experiential\
  Hook: "Digital reaches screens. Experiential reaches people. Here's the math."\
\
  ---\
  PART TWO: VISUAL IDENTITY SYSTEM\
\
  2.1 LOGO CONCEPT \'97 THREE STRATEGIC DIRECTIONS\
\
  Direction A: The Molten Wordmark (Recommended)\
\
  Concept: MELT rendered in Industry Ultra, compressed and modified \'97 letterforms tight, touching,\
  under pressure. M and E kerned so they share a stroke. The word is dense, not decorative.\
\
  Rationale: Compression = pressure = force = execution. The name contains the thesis without\
  illustrating it literally.\
\
  Specs:\
  - Typeface: Industry Ultra (TypeKit clv7xin)\
  - Letter-spacing: -0.04em\
  - Case: ALL CAPS \'97 always\
  - Customization: E crossbar extends into L (E\uc0\u8594 L ligature \'97 continuity without decoration)\
  - Primary: White on Navy/Black | Secondary: Navy/Black on White\
\
  Lockups: Wordmark alone / + "EXPERIENTIAL MARKETING" (Satoshi Light, 0.15em tracking, stacked) /\
  + "ATLANTA"\
\
  ---\
  Direction B: The Activation Mark (Symbol)\
\
  Concept: A perfect square with one corner beginning to resolve into a curve. Three corners sharp.\
   One corner (bottom-right) at radius 28 units. The square is the built world. The single curve is\
   the moment of activation.\
\
  Specs: 100\'d7100 unit grid, shape 84\'d784. Pure filled form, no stroke. Colors: Navy, Lime Green\
  #D4FF00, or White.\
\
  ---\
  Direction C: The Operator Mark (Combination)\
\
  Concept: Uppercase M from four angled strokes \'97 simultaneously a letterform and an aerial\
  schematic of an event floor plan. Constructed, not drawn.\
\
  Specs: 12-column grid. Four rectangular blocks, 45\'b0 angled connections. Works as app icon, stamp,\
   embroidery patch. Primary: Navy on Lime Green. Reversed: White on Black.\
\
  ---\
  2.2 LOGO VARIATIONS\
\
  Variant: Primary (dark bg)\
  Wordmark Color: White, Industry Ultra\
  Background: Navy or Black\
  Use: Website header, event signage, pitch deck\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Variant: Primary (light bg)\
  Wordmark Color: Navy\
  Background: White or Off-White\
  Use: Documents, letterhead\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Variant: Secondary\
  Wordmark Color: Single color, no descriptor\
  Background: Any approved bg\
  Use: Email, stamps\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Variant: Monochrome Black\
  Wordmark Color: #000000\
  Background: \'97\
  Use: Letterhead, legal\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Variant: Monochrome White (Reversed)\
  Wordmark Color: #FFFFFF\
  Background: \'97\
  Use: Photography, swag\
\
  Minimum size: 80px / 25mm (wordmark), 32px / 10mm (symbol). Drop descriptor at minimum. Use\
  symbol below minimum.\
\
  Clear space: 1\'d7 cap-height of "M" on all sides.\
\
  ---\
  2.3 LOGO USAGE RULES\
\
  Correct Applications\
  1. White wordmark on Navy \'97 the flagship\
  2. Navy wordmark on white/off-white \'97 business documents\
  3. White wordmark on full-bleed photography (with dark overlay if needed)\
  4. Lime Green wordmark on Black \'97 high-impact digital, use sparingly\
  5. White symbol on any approved brand color \'97 icons, merchandise\
\
  Do Not\
  1. Stretch or distort\
  2. Apply gradients, drop shadows, or effects (photography drop shadow excepted)\
  3. Use on backgrounds below WCAG AA 4.5:1\
  4. Use outline/stroke versions \'97 always filled\
  5. Use colors outside: White, Navy, Black, Lime Green\
\
  ---\
  2.4 COLOR PALETTE\
\
  The palette is grounded (Navy, Black) and electrified (Lime, Cyan). The visual equivalent of a\
  structure coming alive.\
\
  Primary Colors\
\
  #: 01\
  Name: Navy "The structure before the activation"\
  Hex: #0A0A6B\
  Pantone: PMS 2755 C\
  CMYK: 90, 85, 0, 58\
  RGB: 10, 10, 107\
  Psychology: Authority, depth, permanence \'97 "we were here before you arrived"\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 02\
  Name: Lime Green "The activation signal"\
  Hex: #D4FF00\
  Pantone: PMS 389 C\
  CMYK: 17, 0, 100, 0\
  RGB: 212, 255, 0\
  Psychology: Electric, urgent, alive \'97 the "LIVE" indicator\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 03\
  Name: Royal Blue "The connector"\
  Hex: #3356FF\
  Pantone: PMS 2728 C\
  CMYK: 80, 67, 0, 0\
  RGB: 51, 86, 255\
  Psychology: Trust, intelligence, velocity \'97 the color of institutional relationships\
\
  Secondary Colors\
\
  #: 04\
  Name: Yellow "The highlight"\
  Hex: #FFD600\
  Pantone: PMS 012 C\
  CMYK: 0, 14, 100, 0\
  RGB: 255, 214, 0\
  Psychology: CPG warmth, game-day energy\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 05\
  Name: Golden Yellow "The prestige marker"\
  Hex: #F4B942\
  Pantone: PMS 7549 C\
  CMYK: 0, 24, 73, 4\
  RGB: 244, 185, 66\
  Psychology: Earned authority \'97 amber, not sharp\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 06\
  Name: Coral "The human moment"\
  Hex: #FF4040\
  Pantone: PMS 485 C\
  CMYK: 0, 75, 75, 0\
  RGB: 255, 64, 64\
  Psychology: Urgency, passion, youth, crowd energy\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 07\
  Name: Cyan "The intelligence layer"\
  Hex: #00F0FF\
  Pantone: PMS 3105 C\
  CMYK: 100, 0, 0, 0\
  RGB: 0, 240, 255\
  Psychology: Precision, data, used sparingly\
\
  Neutrals\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474    Name    \u9474    Hex   \u9474                    Use                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Black     \u9474  #000000 \u9474  Header backgrounds, max contrast        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Gray-900  \u9474  #1A1A1A \u9474  Body text on light                      \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Gray-300  \u9474  #949292 \u9474  Secondary text on dark                  \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Gray-100  \u9474  #E8E8EA \u9474  Dividers, borders, form fields          \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Off-White \u9474  #F5F5F7 \u9474  Alternate light background              \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  White     \u9474  #FFFFFF \u9474  Primary light background, reversed text \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  Service Color System\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474          Service          \u9474      Color     \u9474    Hex   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  01 Experiential          \u9474  Lime Green    \u9474  #D4FF00 \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  02 Social & Content      \u9474  Golden Yellow \u9474  #F4B942 \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  03 Sports/Music/Culinary \u9474  Royal Blue    \u9474  #3356FF \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  04 Retail & Promotions   \u9474  Yellow        \u9474  #FFD600 \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  05 College & NIL         \u9474  Coral         \u9474  #FF4040 \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  06 Sponsorship           \u9474  Cyan          \u9474  #00F0FF \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  ---\
  2.5 TYPOGRAPHY\
\
  Primary: Industry (Bold/Ultra)\
\
  Character, weight, presence.\
\
  Source: Adobe TypeKit \'97 use.typekit.net/clv7xin.css\
\
  Industry is drawn from industrial lettering traditions \'97 stadium scoreboards, machine housings.\
  It doesn't aestheticize. It declares.\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474        Weight        \u9474                        Use                       \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Ultra (900)         \u9474  Logo wordmark, hero display, "EXECUTION"        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Bold (700)          \u9474  h1\'96h3, navigation, section titles, stat numbers \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Demi (600)          \u9474  h4, large-format eyebrows                       \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Light Italic (300i) \u9474  Contrast emphasis within headlines              \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  Letter-spacing: Display -0.02em to -0.03em / Headlines -0.02em / Nav +0.08em / Eyebrows +0.15em\
\
  ---\
  Secondary: Satoshi (Regular/Medium)\
\
  Clarity, humanity, legibility.\
\
  Source: Fontshare \'97 api.fontshare.com\
\
  Where Industry says "we have been building this since before your company existed," Satoshi says\
  "and we can explain it in plain language."\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474     Weight     \u9474                    Use                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Regular (400) \u9474  Body copy, paragraph text, form inputs  \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Medium (500)  \u9474  UI labels, button text, sub-navigation  \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Bold (700)    \u9474  Pull quotes, body emphasis, data labels \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  Light (300)   \u9474  Captions, legal, helper text            \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  Line-height: Body 1.6 / Captions 1.5 / Pull quotes 1.4\
\
  ---\
  Type Scale (Fluid CSS Clamp)\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474        Token       \u9474                   Value                  \u9474        Use        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --display-hero    \u9474  clamp(4rem, 12vw, 8rem)                 \u9474  Version A hero   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --display-massive \u9474  clamp(3rem, 10vw, 6.5rem)               \u9474  "EXECUTION" hero \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --h1              \u9474  clamp(2.5rem, 5vw + 1rem, 5rem)         \u9474  Page titles      \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --h2              \u9474  clamp(2rem, 3.5vw + 0.5rem, 3.5rem)     \u9474  Section headings \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --h3              \u9474  clamp(1.5rem, 2vw + 0.5rem, 2.25rem)    \u9474  Sub-sections     \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --body-lg         \u9474  clamp(1.125rem, 0.5vw + 1rem, 1.375rem) \u9474  Lead paragraphs  \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --body            \u9474  clamp(1rem, 0.5vw + 0.875rem, 1.125rem) \u9474  Standard body    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  --stat            \u9474  clamp(3rem, 4vw + 1.5rem, 4.5rem)       \u9474  Proof statistics \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  ---\
  2.6 IMAGERY STYLE\
\
  Photography Philosophy: "The Proof Shot"\
\
  Every photograph is a proof point. Not lifestyle photography. Achievement photography. Premium\
  production stills: stadium looks packed, the build looks flawless, the crowd is genuinely\
  engaged.\
\
  Five Photography Categories\
\
  #: 01\
  Category: Scale Shot\
  Shows: Full environment \'97 stadium, tent, tour stop\
  Direction: Wide angle, golden hour / stadium lighting\
  Portfolio Ref: Final Four arena floor\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 02\
  Category: Brand Moment\
  Shows: Consumer touching brand\
  Direction: Intimate, not posed, eye level\
  Portfolio Ref: Ghirardelli sampling\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 03\
  Category: Build Shot\
  Shows: Fabricated structure\
  Direction: Architectural, clean angles\
  Portfolio Ref: Bath & Body Works pop-up\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 04\
  Category: Energy Shot\
  Shows: Crowd at peak activation\
  Direction: Motion blur encouraged, raw\
  Portfolio Ref: NCAA Final Four crowd\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  #: 05\
  Category: Data Portrait\
  Shows: Brand ambassador in context\
  Direction: Natural light, professional\
  Portfolio Ref: \'97\
\
  Technical: WebP primary. Hero max 1920px. Gallery max 1600px. Thumbnail max 800px.\
  - Version A (Capes): Full color on dark backgrounds\
  - Version B (Handcrafted): grayscale(100%) brightness(0.7) \uc0\u8594  full color on scroll\
  - Client logos: filter: brightness(0) invert(1)\
\
  Iconography\
\
  Lucide React / Stroke 1.5 / Never filled / 20px (UI), 24px (feature), 32px (service) / Always\
  paired with label.\
\
  Graphic Elements\
\
  Grain: SVG fractalNoise, feTurbulence type="fractalNoise" baseFrequency="0.65" numOctaves="3",\
  blend overlay, opacity 0.03. Adds materiality over dark backgrounds.\
\
  Grid: 12-column. Asymmetric in application, rigorous in structure.\
\
  [BOARD \'97 Naval]: Pick one design personality before launch. The dual-site (Capes + Handcrafted)\
  is a beautiful engineering achievement and a potential conversion killer. A prospect who arrives\
  at a design choice has not yet heard the value proposition. Run a conversion test: route 50% of\
  traffic to each version for 4\'966 weeks. Measure Scoper completions and contact form submissions.\
  The winner becomes the brand. The other becomes an Insights case study: "How we A/B tested our\
  own brand."\
\
  ---\
  PART THREE: BRAND APPLICATIONS\
\
  3.1 BUSINESS CARD\
\
  Front: Black/Navy \'b7 White wordmark, left-aligned \'b7 Optional tagline Satoshi Light 8pt Gray-300 \'b7\
  Soft-touch matte laminate, portrait 85\'d755mm, 650gsm\
\
  Back: Lime Green #D4FF00 \'b7 Name: Industry Bold 14pt Navy ALL CAPS \'b7 Title: Satoshi Medium 9pt \'b7\
  Contact: Satoshi Regular 8pt \'b7 "ATLANTA, GA": Industry Demi 7pt 0.15em\
\
  Rationale: The black front is the brand's gravity. The lime green back is its energy \'97 designed\
  to be face-up on a desk. The name in Navy on Lime reads: "MELT makes things happen, and this is\
  the person who makes them happen."\
\
  ---\
  3.2 LETTERHEAD (8.5\'d711")\
\
  Header zone (top 1.25"): White \'b7 Navy wordmark 1" left \'b7 1px Lime Green rule, full width\
\
  Body zone: Off-white #F5F5F7 \'b7 Satoshi Regular 10/15pt \'b7 1" margins \'b7 Page number Navy 8pt right\
\
  Footer (bottom 0.75"): Gray-100 rule \'b7 "MELT | meltatl.com | hello@meltatl.com | (404) 585-3718 |\
   Atlanta, GA" \'97 Satoshi Regular 7pt Gray-300\
\
  Envelope #10: Navy bg \'b7 White wordmark + return address \'b7 The envelope announces the brand before\
   the letter is opened.\
\
  ---\
  3.3 EMAIL SIGNATURE\
\
  [MELT Logo \'97 80px, white, linked]\
\
  FIRST LAST                              \uc0\u8592  Industry Bold 13px Navy\
  Title                                   \uc0\u8592  Satoshi Regular 11px Gray-300\
\
  hello@meltatl.com\
  (404) 585-3718                          \uc0\u8592  Satoshi Regular 11px Gray-900\
  meltatl.com\
  Atlanta, Georgia\
\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472  \u8592  1px Lime Green rule\
\
  There are no great ideas without        \uc0\u8592  Satoshi Light Italic 10px Gray-300\
  great execution.\
\
  ---\
  3.4 SOCIAL MEDIA TEMPLATES\
\
  Profile avatar (all platforms): White MELT wordmark on Navy/Black, 400\'d7400px PNG. Alternate:\
  Activation Mark on Lime Green.\
\
  Platform: LinkedIn\
  Dimensions: 1584\'d7396px\
  Design Direction: Navy + grain \'b7 wordmark left + "Atlanta's Execution Agency" \'b7 stats on\
    photography right \'b7 12px Lime Green bottom strip\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Platform: Instagram\
  Dimensions: 1080\'d7566px + 1:1 grid\
  Design Direction: Black \'b7 white wordmark \'b7 "experiential marketing \'95 atlanta" in Satoshi Light\
    Gray-300 \'b7 every 3rd post: stat or quote\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Platform: Twitter/X\
  Dimensions: 1500\'d7500px\
  Design Direction: Full-bleed photography at 60% \'b7 wordmark + tagline left \'b7 Yellow 4px bottom\
  rule\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Platform: Facebook\
  Dimensions: 851\'d7315px\
  Design Direction: Dark navy gradient \'b7 wordmark left, tagline right \'b7 contact bottom Gray-300\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Platform: YouTube\
  Dimensions: 2560\'d71440px\
  Design Direction: Black \'b7 wordmark in safe zone (1546\'d7423px) \'b7 Lime Green Activation Mark corner\
\
  ---\
  3.5 PRESENTATION TEMPLATE (16:9 \'b7 1920\'d71080)\
\
  Slide: Title\
  Background: Full-bleed photography, 70% Navy overlay\
  Key Elements: White wordmark 40px top-left \'b7 Campaign title Industry Ultra White 72px ALL CAPS \'b7\
    2px Lime Green rule \'b7 Client + Date Satoshi White 20px \'b7 Activation Mark Lime Green\
  bottom-right\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Slide: Content\
  Background: White\
  Key Elements: Navy wordmark 24px \'b7 Industry Bold Navy 36px section header \'b7 Satoshi Regular 18px\
    body (680px column) \'b7 Lime Green accent column right (320px) with stats in Industry Ultra Navy\
    64px\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Slide: Data\
  Background: Black + grain\
  Key Elements: Industry Bold White 36px title \'b7 Data cards: Royal Blue 4px left border, metric\
    Industry Ultra White 48px, Gray-300 label below\
  \uc0\u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \
  Slide: Closing\
  Background: Lime Green #D4FF00 full bleed\
  Key Elements: "LET'S BUILD SOMETHING REAL." \'97 Industry Ultra Navy 72px ALL CAPS \'b7 Contact Satoshi\
\
    Navy 20px \'b7 White MELT wordmark bottom-right\
\
  The Lime Green closing breaks pattern intentionally. The brand's action color takes over when\
  it's time to respond.\
\
  ---\
  PART FOUR: BRAND GUIDELINES DOCUMENT\
\
  4.1 BRAND BOOK STRUCTURE (20 Pages)\
\
  \uc0\u9484 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9516 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9488 \
  \uc0\u9474  Page \u9474                               Section                               \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  01   \u9474  Cover \'97 tagline on full-bleed black with white wordmark            \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  02   \u9474  Preface \'97 Creative Director's letter                               \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  03   \u9474  Brand Story \'97 Challenge \u8594  Transformation \u8594  Resolution              \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  04   \u9474  Brand Personality \'97 archetypes, human traits, shadow               \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  05   \u9474  Voice + Tone \'97 4 dimensions, matrix by context, 3 copy examples    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  06   \u9474  Messaging \'97 tagline, value prop, key messages, proof points, hooks \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  07   \u9474  Logo \'97 Primary \'97 wordmark on all approved backgrounds              \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  08   \u9474  Logo \'97 Variations \'97 full color, secondary, monochrome, reversed    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  09   \u9474  Logo \'97 Usage Rules \'97 5 correct / 5 do-not                          \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  10   \u9474  Color \'97 Primary                                                    \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  11   \u9474  Color \'97 Secondary + Neutral                                        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  12   \u9474  Color \'97 Service System                                             \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  13   \u9474  Typography \'97 Industry                                              \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  14   \u9474  Typography \'97 Satoshi + type scale                                  \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  15   \u9474  Imagery \'97 5 photography categories                                 \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  16   \u9474  Imagery \'97 Grain + 12-column grid                                   \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  17   \u9474  Applications \'97 Print                                               \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  18   \u9474  Applications \'97 Digital                                             \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  19   \u9474  Applications \'97 Presentation                                        \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9532 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9508 \
  \uc0\u9474  20   \u9474  Brand Asset Library \'97 directory, naming, format matrix             \u9474 \
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9524 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9472 \u9496 \
\
  4.2 ASSET LIBRARY\
\
  melt-brand-assets/\
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  01-logo/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  primary/     (white, navy, black, limegreen \'97 SVG + PNG 2\'d7/3\'d7)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  reversed/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  symbol/      (Activation Mark \'97 all colors)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  favicon/\
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  02-colors/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  melt-color-palette.ase   (Adobe Swatch Exchange)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  melt-color-palette.clr   (macOS Color List)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  melt-color-specs.pdf\
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  03-typography/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  industry/    (Ultra, Bold, Demi, Light .otf)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  satoshi/     (Fontshare CDN \'97 link in guidelines)\
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  04-templates/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  print/       (business-card.ai, letterhead.ai, envelope.ai)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  digital/     (email-signature.html, social \'d7 5 .psd)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  presentation/ (melt.key, melt.pptx, slide PNG exports)\
  \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  05-photography/\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9500 \u9472 \u9472  approved/    (scale/, brand-moment/, build/, energy/, data-portrait/)\
  \uc0\u9474    \u9492 \u9472 \u9472  _usage-guide.pdf\
  \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  06-guidelines/\
      \uc0\u9500 \u9472 \u9472  melt-brand-guidelines-2026.pdf\
      \uc0\u9492 \u9472 \u9472  melt-brand-guidelines-2026.ai\
\
  File naming: melt-[asset-type]-[variant]-[color]-[size].[ext]\
\
  ---\
  PART FIVE: STRATEGIC RATIONALE + BOARD SYNTHESIS\
\
  Every decision in this system derives from one insight:\
\
  MELT's competitive advantage is invisible to the untrained eye \'97 and this brand makes it\
  impossible to ignore.\
\
  The Navy says: we have been here a long time and we are still here.\
  The Lime Green says: and when it's time to move, we move.\
  Industry Ultra says: this is not an agency that hedges.\
  Satoshi says: but we can explain everything in plain language.\
  The tagline says: your idea is not the product. The execution is.\
\
  This is the brand of an agency that has earned its authority \'97 and knows it.\
\
  ---\
  SHADOW BOARD FINAL DECISIONS\
\
  Board Confidence: 6.8/10 \'97 Conditional Yes\
\
  "Viable with clear path forward; address identified risks."\
\
  ---\
  The Five Board Amendments (prioritized by severity)\
\
  1. CRITICAL \'97 Key-Person Concentration\
  (Warren Buffett, 8/10 concern)\
\
  The entire value proposition traces to one person's relationships and institutional memory. There\
   is no named second operator. No succession language. No documented playbook.\
\
  Immediate action: Introduce a second named senior operator in the brand. Bio, proof points,\
  tenure. Not to dilute Vince \'97 to prove the model isn't one person deep.\
\
  Long-term action: Build the MELT Operations Playbook \'97 how to run a 19-city NCAA Final Four, the\
  permit matrix by city, vendor management frameworks. This is both IP and succession planning.\
\
  ---\
  2. HIGH \'97 Retire the AI Line\
  (Skeptical VC, Thiel)\
\
  "AI can dream it. We deliver it." is clever today and potentially false in 36 months.\
\
  Change: Replace with a timeless claim. Recommended:\
  "The brief is never the hard part. The build is."\
\
  The AI angle may appear contextually in Insights articles but is no longer a primary brand claim.\
\
  ---\
  3. HIGH \'97 Reframe "7 People"\
  (Skeptical VC, YC Partner)\
\
  Stating headcount in the primary positioning layer triggers enterprise procurement red flags\
  before the quality argument is heard.\
\
  Change: Replace "7-person team" language in the value prop with the client experience: "Every\
  campaign led by the same senior operator from brief to close." The headcount lives on the About\
  page where it can be properly contextualized.\
\
  ---\
  4. MEDIUM \'97 Resolve Dual Brand Personality\
  (Naval, YC Partner)\
\
  Two complete design personalities (Capes + Handcrafted) creates a prospect decision before the\
  value proposition is heard. Beautiful engineering; potential conversion killer.\
\
  Action: A/B test with real traffic for 4\'966 weeks. Measure Scoper completions and contact form\
  submissions. The winner IS the brand. The other becomes a case study.\
\
  ---\
  5. MEDIUM \'97 Rebalance Ruler/Hero by Channel\
  (Naval, YC Partner)\
\
  The Ruler archetype is correct for retention. The Hero archetype serves acquisition.\
\
  Action: Ruler language leads on About, proposals, existing client comms. Hero language leads in\
  Scoper, outbound, cold outreach, and any first-contact channel.\
\
  ---\
  What the Board Agrees On\
\
  1. The moat is real. 22-year Coca-Cola, 19 Final Fours, $300M arena in 90 days \'97 these are\
  genuine switching-cost moats that cannot be replicated quickly.\
  2. The AI line is the riskiest sentence in the brand. Retire it before AI retires it for you.\
  3. "7 people" cuts both ways. Own the effect ("you work directly with the operator") without\
  stating the headcount in the lead position.\
  4. Vince IS the brand. This is not yet acknowledged or planned for. Name a second operator.\
  5. The foundation is strong. No pivot required \'97 only sharpening.\
\
  ---\
  The brand is the work. The work is the proof. The proof is the brand.\
\
  \'97 Pentagram, with notes from the board}